#  Module 9 Homework

## Assignment

### Part 1 - Short-answer questions

a) Since WebSockets are a full duplex connection, two-way ____________ communication is possible.

Interactive

b) True or False: Background tasks allow operations to continue even when the app isn't in the foreground.

True

c) The main difference from a download when using URLSession's asynchronous method is how you used a ____________.

Completion handler

d) True or False: The urlSessionDidFinishEvents method is mandatory for the URLSessionDelegate.

False

e) One type of socket is the ____________ socket, which is used to stream data in sequential order.

Stream

f) When creating an upload task, you generate a ____________ and then add any additional headers.

URLRequest

g) True or False: Background downloads are guaranteed to be completed within a certain time after the app is backgrounded.

False

h) The method urlSessionDidFinishEvents is an optional method of ____________ that gets called when all events have been delivered for your background URLSession.

URLSessionDelegate

i) Uploads are typically made using HTTP requests that require a request body by way of a ____________ or a ____________ HTTP method.

POST, GET

j) URLSession supports background transfers when created using a background session configuration object that has a(n) ____________.

Unique Identifier

k) Without WebSockets, your client app would have to ____________ the server periodically to know if new data is available.

Ping

l) True or False: App Transport Security mandates that connections be HTTPS, not HTTP.

True

m) True or False: WebSockets are useful only when communicating between a client and a server and not between multiple clients.

False

n) True or False: A status code other than 200 in the HTTP response post-login indicates a successful login attempt.

False

o) When a session task needs authentication and valid credentials are not available, the session initiates an ____________ challenge.

Authentication

p) True or False: If you set exceptions to ATS, the App Store does not need any justification for those exceptions.

False

q) If your app connects to a server that doesn’t meet the ATS requirements, you can add an exception for its domain in your ____________ file.

Info.plist

r) To bypass the restriction of loading certain sites, you can add an ____________ exception.

ATS

s) True or False: If a server’s certificate is invalid, the recommended practice is to always accept it.

False

t) A cookie is a small ____________ file generated by a server to identify a user.

Data

u) A session cookie expires after several ____________.

Browser sessions

v) A stored cookie can track the user’s ____________ to indicate usability issues.

Behavior

### Part 2 - Programming assignment

See homework9 branch.

### Part 3 - Above and Beyond

See homework9 branch.
